README.md, before:

# Railway CLI

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/railwayapp)](https://crates.io/crates/railwayapp)
[![CI](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/railwayapp/cliv3/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![cargo audit](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/cargo-audit.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/cargo-audit.yml)

This is the command line interface for [Railway](https://railway.app). Use it to connect your code to Railway's infrastructure without needing to worry about environment variables or configuration.

[View the docs](https://docs.railway.app/develop/cli)

The Railway command line interface (CLI) connects your code to your Railway project from the command line.

The Railway CLI allows you to

- Create new Railway projects from the terminal
- Link to an existing Railway project
- Pull down environment variables for your project locally to run
- Create services and databases right from the comfort of your fingertips
## Status
Currently pre-release. We are looking for feedback and suggestions. Please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/railway) to provide feedback.

## Installation

### Cargo
```bash
cargo install railwayapp --locked
```

### Homebrew

```bash 
brew install railway
```

### NPM
```bash
npm install -g @railway/cli
```

### Bash
```bash
# Install 
bash <(curl -fsSL cli.new)

# Uninstall
bash <(curl -fsSL cli.new) -r
```

### Scoop
```ps1
scoop install railway
```

### Arch Linux AUR

Install using Paru
```bash
paru -S railwayapp-cli
```
Install using Yay
```bash
yay -S railwayapp-cli
```

### Docker

Before using CLI in non-interactive environment make sure that you have created an access token (account or project scoped) and made it available via the `RAILWAY_TOKEN` environment variable.

Install from the command line
```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
```

Use in GitHub Actions
```yml
deploy-job:
  runs-on: ubuntu-latest
  container: ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
  env:
    SVC_ID: my-service
    RAILWAY_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.RAILWAY_TOKEN }}
  steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v3
    - run: railway up --service=${{ env.SVC_ID }} -d
```

Use in GitLab CICD
```yml
deploy-job:
  image: ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
  variables:
    SVC_ID: my-service
  script:
    - railway up --service=$SVC_ID -d
```

\* GitLab can access a protected (secret) variable directly, all you need to do is to add it in CI/CD settings.

### From source
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on setting up this repo locally.

## Documentation
[View the full documentation](https://docs.railway.app)

## Feedback

We would love to hear your feedback or suggestions. The best way to reach us is on [Discord](https://discord.gg/railway).

We also welcome pull requests into this repo. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on setting up this repo locally.

Commit message:

Squashed commit of the following:
commit bd26e0a378a909806a2021664a6fbeb416d5634c
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Tue Aug 20 12:59:47 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit 6dc305292ff00ac3d058331424cc675c7a932d9b
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Tue Aug 20 12:23:09 2024 +0300

    Update Deployment.graphql

commit 256b1bc49f479291517de5835796bc1fea17059c
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Tue Aug 20 12:13:31 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit db77fc2ddd3d8ead4a1e31536cd570168231b7a6
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 20:28:53 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit 3083a3c8fec09eb4382372e5da5f6084e829e02f
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 20:01:14 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit c802f2b0fdd20cc5b0466d09c2152a93210612df
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 20:00:48 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit bf6d5bb7aced22bd86bd4c714d16d8674fbfd324
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 20:00:20 2024 +0300

    what

commit 7556c45d66ce211da2e6b3a37417b2e65b77851d
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 19:49:15 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit 4bab248438538c9818cacfdd94d48f4654deef2f
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 19:47:24 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit b731c82a8f3cce2f031835da6ae82f6e28c2c419
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 19:44:41 2024 +0300

    Update up.rs

commit af19824edafd854674503d67bae5c07598ea6319
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Mon Aug 19 19:02:03 2024 +0300

    update gql subs

commit b061c34f78e012ba31d8cc9c44c429eac8972c9c
Author: maddsua <maddsuadev@proton.me>
Date:   Thu Aug 15 23:59:18 2024 +0300

    fix ci mode

    Fix "not-in-terminal" early exit check

    Detect CI variable presence

    Fix ci mode conditional error exit

    CLI in CI mode should exit with error if it can't stream build logs

    Update readme

README.md, after:

# Railway CLI

[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/railwayapp)](https://crates.io/crates/railwayapp)
[![CI](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/railwayapp/cliv3/actions/workflows/ci.yml)
[![cargo audit](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/cargo-audit.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/actions/workflows/cargo-audit.yml)

This is the command line interface for [Railway](https://railway.app). Use it to connect your code to Railway's infrastructure without needing to worry about environment variables or configuration.

[View the docs](https://docs.railway.app/develop/cli)

The Railway command line interface (CLI) connects your code to your Railway project from the command line.

The Railway CLI allows you to

- Create new Railway projects from the terminal
- Link to an existing Railway project
- Pull down environment variables for your project locally to run
- Create services and databases right from the comfort of your fingertips
## Status
Currently pre-release. We are looking for feedback and suggestions. Please join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/railway) to provide feedback.

## Installation

### Cargo
```bash
cargo install railwayapp --locked
```

### Homebrew

```bash 
brew install railway
```

### NPM
```bash
npm install -g @railway/cli
```

### Bash
```bash
# Install 
bash <(curl -fsSL cli.new)

# Uninstall
bash <(curl -fsSL cli.new) -r
```

### Scoop
```ps1
scoop install railway
```

### Arch Linux AUR

Install using Paru
```bash
paru -S railwayapp-cli
```
Install using Yay
```bash
yay -S railwayapp-cli
```

### Docker

Before using the CLI in a non-interactive environment, ensure you have created an access token (account or project-scoped) and set it as the `RAILWAY_TOKEN` environment variable. CI environments are automatically detected by the presence of `CI=true` variable. In these environments, only build logs will be streamed, and the CLI will exit with an appropriate code indicating success or failure.

Install from the command line
```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
```

Use in GitHub Actions
```yml
deploy-job:
  runs-on: ubuntu-latest
  container: ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
  env:
    SVC_ID: my-service
    RAILWAY_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.RAILWAY_TOKEN }}
  steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v3
    - run: railway up --service=${{ env.SVC_ID }}
```

Use in GitLab CICD
```yml
deploy-job:
  image: ghcr.io/railwayapp/cli:latest
  variables:
    SVC_ID: my-service
  script:
    - railway up --service=$SVC_ID
```

\* GitLab can access a protected (secret) variable directly, all you need to do is to add it in CI/CD settings.

### From source
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on setting up this repo locally.

## Documentation
[View the full documentation](https://docs.railway.app)

## Feedback

We would love to hear your feedback or suggestions. The best way to reach us is on [Discord](https://discord.gg/railway).

We also welcome pull requests into this repo. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/railwayapp/cli/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on setting up this repo locally.
